Added in note on auth method for nais-cli postgres proxy (#461)
nais/doc: docs/cli/commands/postgres.md

| port      | No       | -p    | 5432                         | Local port for cloudsql proxy to listen on  |
| host      | No       | -H    | localhost                    | Host for the proxy                          |

> **Note**
> When using proxy to connect to the database, the auth method is username and password. 

> > The username is your NAV email: <FIRSTNAME>.<LASTNAME>@nav.no, and password is blank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The username is your full Google account email: e.g. `ola.bruker@nais.io`, and password is blank.
```

Siden dette har begynt å bli brukt av flere enn de i nav.
